In the last video,
you saw how Scikit-learn's pipeline utility allows
you to chain a sequence of machine learning steps into one estimator.
This has massive advantages.
First of all, it adds simplicity and convenience to your workflow.
Chaining all of your steps into one estimator allows you to fit
and predict on all steps of your sequence automatically with one call.
Not only does this make your code more concise,
it also makes your workflow much easier to understand and modify.
Because pipeline automates the intermediate steps required to execute each step,
it reduces the mental burden of having to keep track of all your data transformations.
Without pipeline, your model can easily turn into
messy spaghetti code from all the adjustments
and experimentation required to improve your model.
Using pipeline may require some extra work at the beginning of your modeling process,
but it prevents a lot of headaches later on.
It handles those smaller steps for you so you can focus
on implementing higher-level changes swiftly and efficiently.